/Beyond Feelings/ is designed to introduce you to the subject of critical thinking. The subject may be new to you because it has not been emphasized in most elementary and secondary schools. In fact, until fairly recently, most colleges gave it little attention. For the past four decades, the dominant emphasis has been on subjectivity rather than objectivity, on feeling rather than on thought. Over the past several decades, however, a number of studies of America’s schools have criticized the neglect of critical thinking, and a growing number of educators and leaders in business, industry, and the professions have urged the development of new courses and teaching materials to overcome that neglect. 

我写《超越感觉》这本书，是想和你说说「审慎思考」是怎么一回事。这个课题对你而言或许有点陌生，因为大部分中小学都没有重点讲过这件事。其实，大部分高校也是最近才开始给这门学科分一点点注意力。过去四十年，主流强调的是主观而非客观，强调感觉而非思考。然而，过去几十年里，一系列对美国学校的研究发现，审慎思维教育的缺失是多么不应该。越来越多教师、商界、各行各业领袖和专业人士纷纷呼吁，要开发新课程、新教材，来弥补这一缺失。

It is no exaggeration to say that critical thinking is one of the most important subjects you will study in college regardless of your academic major. The quality of your schoolwork, your efforts in your career, your contributions to community life, your conduct of personal affairs - all will depend on your ability to solve problems and make decisions.

不论你大学学什么专业，审慎思考都应该是你最重要的一门课。这样说毫不夸张。你的学业表现、你的职业生涯、你的社会生活、你如何处理个人事务——全都取决于你解决问题和制定决策的能力。

The book has three main sections. The first, “The Context,” will help you understand such important concepts as /individuality, critical thinking, truth, knowledge, opinion, evidence, and argument/ and overcome attitudes and ideas that obstruct critical thinking. The second section, “The Pitfalls,” will teach you to recognize and avoid the most common errors in thinking. The third section, “A Strategy,” will help you acquire the various skills used in addressing problems and issues. This section includes tips on identifying and overcoming your personal intellectual weaknesses as well as techniques for becoming more observant, clarifying issues, conducting inquiries, evaluating evidence, analyzing other people’s views, and making sound judgments. 

本书分三大版块。首先是「背景知识/综述」，带你了解一系列重要概念，比如：【自我、审慎思维、真相/真理、知识、观点、证据、论点论据】，告诉你哪些态度、想法会阻碍审慎思考、怎样克服它们。第二部份叫「陷阱」，带你识别并避开思考中的常见错误。第三部分叫「策略」，教你掌握解决问题的各种技能。我会讲一些小技巧，教你找到并克服你自己的脑力陷阱，帮你变得更加善于观察，更懂得澄清问题，更懂得调查、评估证据、分析他人观点并做出合理判断。

At the end of each chapter, you will find a number of applications to challenge your critical thinking and help you exercise your skills. These applications cover problems and issues both timely and timeless. The final application in each of the first thirteen chapters invites you to examine an especially important issue about which informed opinion is divided.  

每章末尾都有一系列应用题来挑战你的审慎思维，帮你学以致用。这些应用题涵盖的问题，既及时，又永不过时。前十三章，每章最后一题，都是已知的有重大分歧的重要问题，请你来分析。

Students sometimes get the idea that a textbook must be read page by page and that reading ahead violates some unwritten rule. This notion is mistaken. Students’ background knowledge varies widely; what one student knows very well, another knows only vaguely and a third is totally unfamiliar with. Any time you need or want to look ahead to an explanation in a later chapter, by all means do so. Let’s say you make a statement and a friend says, “That’s relativism, pure and simple.” If you aren’t sure exactly what she means, go to the index, look up “relativism,” proceed to the appropriate page, and find out. 

有同学有时会有这样一种想法：读书要一页页从前往后读，跳页读书好像就违反了某种不成文的规矩。这就不对了。各人背景知识储备不同，某个知识点，可能甲同学已经非常熟知了，对乙来说就只了解个大概，对丙可能完全是天书。只要你需要或想去读更后面的章节和解说，不论什么时候，直接跳过去就是了。就好比你说了个观点，而你朋友说「你这是不折不扣的相对主义」，如果你还不很确定 TA 是什么意思，到目录，找到「相对主义」，直接翻到对应页码，找出来读就好。

Looking ahead is especially prudent in the case of concepts and procedures relevant to the end-of-chapter applications. One such concept is plagiarism(剽窃). If you are not completely clear on what constitutes plagiarism, why it is unacceptable, and how to avoid it, take a few minutes right now to learn. Look for the section “Avoiding Plagiarism” toward the end of the Chapter 2. Similarly, if you are not as skilled as you would like to be doing library or Internet research, it would be a good idea to read Chapter 17 now. Doing so could save you a great deal of time and effort completing homework assignments. 

遇到章末作业涉及的概念和流程，查读才是最谨慎的做法。比如有个概念叫「剽窃」，如果你不是十分清楚这个概念的定义到底是什么，为什么不可以剽窃，怎样避免剽窃，不如现在就花个几分钟了解一下，到第二章末查看「避免剽窃」部分。类似地，如果你对在图书馆或互联网上查资料还不熟悉，你现在最好先看看第 17 章，这会帮你在做作业时，省下大把时间和精力。
